Release version for Canvas Groups (#4944)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/build/understand-workflows/workflow-components/canvas-groups.md

# Canvas Groups <a href="#canvas-groups" id="canvas-groups"></a>

{% hint style="info" %}
**Feature availability**

> Canvas Groups were released in version 2.28.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canvas Groups are available from version `2.28.0`.
```
